README.md, before:


## vim installation

#### Set Up Paths

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/vim/.vimrc ~/.vimrc`
2. `mkdir -p /<full path>/dotfiles/vim/.vim/bundle`
3. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/vim/.vim ~/.vim`
4. `mkdir ~/.vim_backup`

#### Install Plugins with Vundle

1. `git clone https://github.com/gmarik/Vundle.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/Vundle.vim`
2. `vim +PluginInstall +qall`

#### Work with tmux

1. Add `set -g default-terminal "screen-256color"` to ~/.tmux.conf to show
   colors

#### Work with git

1. If git complains after writing a commit with vim, run `git config --global
   core.editor $(which vim)`. See this [GitHub
   issue](https://github.com/gmarik/Vundle.vim/issues/167) for more info.


## bash installation

#### Set Up Paths

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/bash/.bashrc ~/.bashrc`
2. If on OS X, `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/bash/.bash_profile ~/.bash_profile`


## tmux installation

#### Set Up Paths

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/tmux/.tmux.conf ~/.tmux.conf`

## gitconfig installation

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/git/.gitconfig ~/.gitconfig`

## License

This project is released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add Flake8 support to vim

README.md, after:


## vim installation

#### Set Up Paths

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/vim/.vimrc ~/.vimrc`
2. `mkdir -p /<full path>/dotfiles/vim/.vim/bundle`
3. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/vim/.vim ~/.vim`
4. `mkdir ~/.vim_backup`

#### Install Plugins with Vundle

1. `git clone https://github.com/gmarik/Vundle.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/Vundle.vim`
2. `vim +PluginInstall +qall`

#### PEP8 checks

For Syntastic to check for PEP8 errors, install flake8.

1. `pip install flake8`

#### Work with tmux

1. Add `set -g default-terminal "screen-256color"` to ~/.tmux.conf to show
   colors

#### Work with git

1. If git complains after writing a commit with vim, run `git config --global
   core.editor $(which vim)`. See this [GitHub
   issue](https://github.com/gmarik/Vundle.vim/issues/167) for more info.


## bash installation

#### Set Up Paths

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/bash/.bashrc ~/.bashrc`
2. If on OS X, `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/bash/.bash_profile ~/.bash_profile`


## tmux installation

#### Set Up Paths

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/tmux/.tmux.conf ~/.tmux.conf`

## gitconfig installation

1. `ln -s /<full path>/dotfiles/git/.gitconfig ~/.gitconfig`

## License

This project is released under the MIT license.
